(Ai)
Previously on Yu-Gi-Oh!
VRAINS...
(Kolter)
The Earth Ignis says
he wants to meet Playmaker.
On a message forum.
(Yusaku)
I know that it could be
a trap Kolter.
But it's our only lead.
(Ai)
You wouldn't phone
if it wasn't important.
So what do you want?
To challenge you...
to a duel Playmaker.
Because I want to see...
what humans are truly like.
(Both)
Let's duel!
(Earth)
Why...
do you side
with the humans?
Ah! Can't it wait until
after the duel?
You do realize that humans...
destroyed the Cyberse.
But without 'em,
we'd never have been
created in the first place.
Link 2...
G GOLEM CRYSTAL HEART!
(computer chirping)
Bring life...
to this wasteland.
(Ai)
That looks like Aqua's monster.
So why does Earth have it?
Aqua...
I do not trust these humans.
But I will keep...
my mind open.
As I promised you...
I would.
(electronic whirring)
Hi.
Hey.
You wanted to see me?
Yeah, I did.
Alone?
(Aqua)
Uh, huh.
Why?
Because there's something
I want to tell you.
And only you.
Duh?
Are you going to say
what I think you are?
The Cyberse is splitting in two.
Oh.
You weren't.
What?
N-Nothing.
There are those who believe that
we can coexist with the humans.
And there are others who don't.
Yes.
And I don't know if we can
remain neutral.
The time is coming
when we must decide
which side to join,
the humans or the Ignis.
And that time is soon.
Which side will you join?
Why do you ask?
Because I'll join...
the side you choose.
Then I can't tell you.
Such an important decision
is one you have to make
on your own.
And I'm sure
you'll make the right one.
Here,
this should help you decide.
Oh!
This is your...
CRYSTAL HEART.
Go to their world and see
what the humans are really like
before you make your decision.
Because what you choose
won't only affect you,
but the future of us all.
But don't be gone too long
because I'll miss you.
(computer chirping)
Aqua...
I activate...
CRYSTAL HEART's ability...
to resurrect an Earth...
Link Monster
from my graveyard...
and co-link it with...
my CRYSTAL HEART.
Elevate G GOLEM...
INVALID DOLMEN!
(roars)
(computer chirping)
By bringing this monster back,
CRYSTAL HEART gains one...
G Golem Counter.
And for every Counter,
CRYSTAL HEART...
gives 600 attack points...
to all Earth monsters
it's linked to.
(timer beeping)
Time to battle!
INVALID DOLMEN!
Attack ZOMBIE...
PROSABER!
(blasting)
(timer beeping)
(grunts)
I end my turn.
C'mon Playmaker!
You already lost over
half your life points!
Yes, I know.
Draw!
I'll start by summoning
CLOCK WYVERN!
(roaring)
(computer chirping)
And by cutting its
attack points in half...
CLOCK WYVERN summons
a CLOCK TOKEN in defense mode.
(timer beeping)
(electronic whirring)
And that's exactly what I need
to create my circuit
The summoning condition requires
one Level 1 monster,
so I set my CLOCK TOKEN
in the Link Arrow!
(shooting)
I Link Summon...
Link 1 LINKURIBOH!
(indistinct language)
Next, I activate
the spell card LINK BACK!
This card allows me
to move LINKURIBOH
from the Extra Monster Zone
to the Main Monster Zone
that it points to.
But then,
I have to send one card
from the top of my deck,
directly to the graveyard.
And next,
I'm going to activate
the spell card CYNET FUSION
from my hand.
Usually I'm only allowed
to Fusion Summon...
using monsters that are
in my hand or on the field.
But when I have no monsters
in my Extra Monster Zone...
I can banish
a Cyberse Link Monster
from my graveyard
and use it
to Fusion Summon as well!
I fuse LINKURIBOH...
and CLOCK WYVERN
with ZOMBIE PROSABER
in my graveyard!
(electronic whirring)
I Fusion Summon!
Rise up!
CYBERSE CLOCK DRAGON!
(blasting)
(growling)
(computer chirping)
(Playmaker)
I Fusion Summon!
Rise up!
(growling)
CYBERSE CLOCK DRAGON!
(computer chirping)
You can Fusion Summon?
Sure can!
Don't mean to brag
but boss move, right?
(Playmaker)
If I use Link Monsters
to Fusion Summon
CYBERSE CLOCK DRAGON,
I can send a card
from the top of my deck
to the graveyard
for each of their Link Arrows.
And my DRAGON gains
1000 attack points
for each card.
So by sending two cards
to the graveyard...
CYBERSE CLOCK DRAGON
gains 2000 attack points!
(timer beeping)
(growling)
Forty five hundred...
Time to battle!
Alright, CYBERSE CLOCK DRAGON,
attack CRYSTAL HEART
and end this duel!
Looks like
you're gettin KO'ed, Earth.
If you got anything to say,
say it now!
It... now.
(clangs)
Sorry!
DOLMEN's ability...
activates.
Your monster can only attack...
my DOLMEN.
Say what?
What.
(evil laughter)
(shooting)
(explosion)
(timer beeping)
And when DOLMEN is destroyed...
all your face up cards...
lose their effects
and special abilities.
So...
your CLOCK DRAGON's
attack points...
(rumbling)
drop back down.
(yowling)
(timer beeping)
Well, that didn't go
as I imagined it would.
Obviously... not.
(grunts)
(Playmaker)
That was an interesting move.
It's as if Earth's deck
is designed
to protect CRYSTAL HEART.
Hmm... you're right.
Why would Earth sacrifice
his own monster for Aqua's?
Ah! It all makes sense!
What makes sense?
There was this one time
back in the Cyberse
when I had to risk my life.
(Playmaker)
Really.
(Ai)
Yes, really!
I was testing
how to fish... without a pole!
There! I see a CITADEL WHALE!
Dive, Linky!
Wo-hoo!
I'm catching me a big one!
(Aqua)
Wait, no you're not!
There are no fish in this river!
Huh? You're right.
The whale's a rock.
(splash)
(Ai)
Don't worry, Linky.
The stream will carry us
to safety.
Oh, no!
(screaming)
Wo-hoo!
Ah! Wo-hoo! Ah!
Phew. That was close.
(Aqua)
You have to be more careful.
You're making me
worried about you.
Aww, you're worried about me?
(Aqua)
Of course.
There's only six of us Ignis.
Losing anyone
would break my heart.
(grunts)
(singing)
Don't break her heart!
Huh?
And I assume you didn't
follow his advice?
Of course not,
but you're missing the point.
He doesn't want Aqua's heart
to be broken.
So he'll do everything it takes
to protect Aqua's CRYSTAL HEART
from destruction.
Yeah.
But if we don't destroy it,
I don't know if we can beat him.
It's my turn!
(Earth)
I won't let you destroy...
Aqua's CRYSTAL HEART.
Its special ability
resummons...
an Earth Link Monster...
from my graveyard...
next to its link.
Ascend...
G GOLEM...
INVALID DOLMEN!
(computer chirping)
(Earth)
By summoning...
this monster...
CRYSTAL HEART gains...
another G Golem Counter.
And it gives...
INVALID DOLMEN...
600 attack points...
for each of its Counters.
(timer beeping)
4K attack points? That's hi-def!
Yes... It is!
INVALID DOLMEN...
Attack his CYBERSE...
CLOCK DRAGON!
(blast)
(timer beeping)
Phew, we're still alive.
Barely, but still.
How lucky...
But your luck...
won't last.
Earth's right, you know.
You really gotta
step your game up.
I hate to be that guy
that tells people
what to do, but--
(Playmaker)
Then don't be that guy.
I will be that guy!
And this guy says just win!
They do not seem...
to be getting along.
Why would they team up?
I must be missing something.
Let me put them...
to the test.
When CRYSTAL HEART
has at least...
two counters...
my INVALID DOLMEN...
can attack twice.
Whaaaat? Attack again?
When I booted up this morning,
losing a duel wasn't
in my schedule!
That's... too bad.
Go...
INVALID DOLMEN!
Attack Playmaker directly!
I don't think so.
I activate SPOOL CODE!
When I have at least
three Cyberse monsters
in my graveyard...
this spell card negates
your direct attack
so that my life points
will remain safe and sound.
(rumbling)
Then I'm allowed to summon
up to three SPOOL TOKENS
on my field in defense mode!
(electronic whirring)
Impressive, Playmaker.
Not only did you survive...
but you improved
your defenses as well.
But that puzzles me
even more.
I thought you two...
teamed up so you could...
share your dueling knowledge.
But it is clear...
that Playmaker is doing
all the dueling...
while Ai is just being Ai.
Hey!
What's that supposed to mean!
(Earth)
You know...
what that means.
I do know what that means!
Is that something
to actually be proud about?
No.
Maybe yes?
Earth, there are three reasons
why I've teamed up with Ai.
One: Though he is rarely
helpful in a duel--
(Ai)
Hey!
He is helpful in
gathering information.
Two: if the one who hurt Jin
is also involved
with the destruction
of the Cyberse,
then we both have
a mutual enemy.
And three: Because we chose to,
and that is more than
reason enough.
I will not abandon those
who did not abandon me.
And that's all there is to it.
Aww, you're gonna make me cry!
You with your emotions, you!
But those reasons...
won't help you win.
Are you sure?
Draw!
He only has...
100 life points.
Why is he still confident?
I'll start my turn
by creating my circuit!
The summoning conditions
are two Cyberse monsters.
So I set two of my SPOOL TOKENS
in the Link Arrows!
(shooting)
I Link Summon!
Link 2 CLOCK LIZARD!
(roaring)
(computer chirping)
But I am not done there!
I'm going to Link Summon again!
The summoning condition requires
one Level 4
or lower Cyberse monster!
(shooting)
I now Link Summon!
(electronic whirring)
Link 1 LINK DEVOTEE!
(computer chirping)
Then I'll activate this...
my spell LINK DRIVE!
By tributing
one of my Link Monsters...
You'll take 500 points of damage
for every one of its
Link Arrows!
(electronic whirring)
(blasting)
(timer beeping)
And next up...
Since I tributed LINK DEVOTEE
while it was co-linked
with another monster,
(electronic chirping)
I can summon two LINK TOKENS
in defense mode!
And with them...
I can Link Summon
for a third time!
Earth, time to hike up
your big boy pants!
What pants?
The summoning conditions
require two monsters.
So I set my two LINK TOKENS
in the Link Arrows!
(shooting)
I Link Summon!
Link 2 SECURITY DRAGON!
(computer chirping)
SECURITY DRAGON's
special ability
allows me to return
one of your monsters
back to your hand,
so your G GOLEM INVALID DOLMEN
leaves the field!
I think not.
When INVALID DOLMEN...
is co-linked
your monsters' special abilities
can't affect it.
Was that it?
If that was your very best...
this duel is as good as over.
Wait. Did you sass us?
Because I think you sassed us.
And no one gets away
with sassing us!
(Playmaker)
By tributing CLOCK LIZARD
from my field...
I can return a Fusion Monster
that's in my graveyard...
back to my Extra Deck!
Specifically,
CYBERSE CLOCK DRAGON!
And I can Fusion Summon
this DRAGON
by banishing
the required monsters
from my graveyard!
So here I go, Earth!
Oh! Not good.
I banish CLOCK WYVERN...
CLOCK LIZARD...
LINKURIBOH...
and LINK DEVOTEE
from my graveyard!
I Fusion Summon!
CYBERSE CLOCK DRAGON!
(computer chirping)
Ooh, yeah!
(Playmaker)
Since I once again
used Link Monsters
to summon my
CYBERSE CLOCK DRAGON,
I can send a card
from my deck to the graveyard
for every one
of their Link Arrows...
and my DRAGON gains
1000 attack points
for each card.
I send four cards
in my deck to the graveyard
to gain 4000 attack points!
(timer beeping)
That's more than
a lot of attack points!
That's we're-winning-this-duel
level of attack points!
It would be...
If I didn't have the trap...
GRAVITY FLUCTUATION!
By destroying my Earth monster,
you must destroy
one of your monsters...
with equal or fewer...
attack points.
I destroy G GOLEM...
INVALID DOLMEN!
Now...
destroy your monster!
Very well.
I destroy my SECURITY DRAGON!
Since my INVALID DOLMEN...
was destroyed,
its ability activates...
and lowers your
DRAGON's attack points.
(timer beeping)
Aww! Its attack points went
peeeeeeeeewkerplunk.
But it's not all bad.
CRYSTAL HEART
is now defenseless!
Go!
CYBERSE CLOCK DRAGON,
attack and destroy
his CRYSTAL HEART!
No... you will not!
I activate...
LOVE GRAVITY!
It resurrects INVALID DOLMEN...
from my graveyard
and summons it next to...
CRYSTAL HEART!
(computer chirping)
You really don't want
Aqua's CRYSTAL HEART
to be destroyed, huh?
(gasps)
Aww!
Do you have
the smoochies for her?
That's none of your business!
But this is!
For each of its counters...
CRYSTAL HEART gives
INVALID DOLMEN...
600 attack points!
(timer beeping)
I'll never let anyone
break Aqua's heart.
And that includes you!
I see. Then I won't.
Hu?
Instead, I'll just have to take
a different tactic to win!
Since I banished CLOCK LIZARD,
its special ability activates
and lowers your
INVALID DOLMEN's attack points
by 400 for every Cyberse monster
in my graveyard.
How many was that again?
Six, seven, eight, nine ten.
Oh, my! That's all my fingers!
Your INVALID DOLMEN loses
4000 of its attack points!
(timer beeping)
No!
Yes!
So now we can win this duel
without destroying
CRYSTAL HEART!
(gasps)
This is the end!
All right CYBERSE CLOCK DRAGON,
finish off G GOLEM
INVALID DOLMEN!
Pulsating Surge!
(electronic whirring)
(shooting)
(blasting)
(Earth groans)
(timer beeping)
(grunts)
I lost...
But at least I succeeded...
in protecting CRYSTAL HEART.
Well, yeah.
Only cuz Playmaker
didn't want to destroy it
after seeing how attached
you were to it.
Not now, Ai.
But as you promised us, Earth,
since we won the duel,
tell us everything
that you know about Bohman.
Oh. That's right. Bohman.
Uh, huh? Uh, huh?
(Earth)
There's nothing to tell.
(grunts)
What do you mean?
I never heard his name...
'till today.
No, no, no, no,
no, no, no!
Earth, you said that
if we won the duel,
you would tell us everything
you know about Bohman!
Yes.
And I'm saying...
that I know nothing.
(Ai)
Ah! Then why didn't you say that
before we dueled?
Because...
I'm socially awkward.
This guy... Am I right?
I've learned much from you...
today.
Thank you.
And goodbye.
(screaming)
(Ai)
Whoa!
It's like we didn't go anywhere.
We didn't learn anything!
About anyone! Or anyplace!
I can't take it anymore.
It was a wild goose
chase with no goose!
Earth said the Cyberse
was splitting in two...
Why does that make me worry?
Aqua, humans are interesting.
But which side...
should I join?